---
layout: post
comments: true
title: "The Year ahead"
published: true
date: 2018-03-26
categories: [personal, goals, career, knowledge, self analysis]
---

So, I've been thinking about a way to make myself more accountable to my goals. Far too often, we set goals for ourselves and they seem to go to this etheral bit bucket. If you've read my [Choose your own adventure](https://dkalaluhi.github.io/choose-your-own-adventure/) post, I already started down this path. But here, I can make it a little more, concrete. This idea, is not mine, but over the coming year +/- 60 days or so, I hope turn the framework into something of my own. But for now, I'm stealing this from the ever present, [@scott_lowe](https://twitter.com/scott_lowe). I hope he doesn't mind.

So here is my list of goals for 2018:

1. *Gain my RHCE certification.* I've already started down this path several times. This time, I will complete my Red Hat Certified Engineer certification. I took the course a little over two years ago, and missed the cert exam by a few points. This time, I will not miss when I sit for the exam.

2. *Learn Ansible Inside and Out.* I've been getting more into Ansible recently, and would really benefit from becoming really proficient in this technology. Automation is key, and I want to automate all the things. If you haven't, go check out [this post](https://dkalaluhi.github.io/satellite-6-api/), I've already started down this path. So hopefully, by the end of the year, I can teach someone _something_ about Ansible.

3. *Read three(3) technical books.* I do this all the time. What I'm not good at, is finishing technical books. My goal for this is two read 3 technical books, and create a multipart series on at least one of these that I'm reading.

4. *Learn to Code..._better_.* I can get by. Sometimes well, but most of the time, not good enough. I'm going to continue down the python track and hopefully become proficient at it. This item, like the books, is something that I start, but never finish. 2018 will be the year of finishing.

5. *Get my blog in shape.* I've been busy, and my bare bones blogs has suffered. I hope to get more functionality and better design in the coming year. To take this from a learning exercise, to something I use.

6. *BONUS POINTS FOR ME: Contribute to an OSS project.* I've been consuming OSS for years. I've opened bugs, I've hung out in the communities, but I've never really contributed anything back to them. Hopefully once item 4 is complete, I'll be able to start contributing back to a OSS project.


I might, given the time, post updates on my progress. But this is a heafty list, so I don't know that I'll have time. You can always contact me via [twitter](https://twitter.com/dkalaluhi) or in the comments below. Feel free to leave any constructive feedback, positive or negitive.