---
layout: post
comments: true
title: "The Year behind"
published: true
date: 2019-03-06
categories: [personal, goals, career, knowledge, self analysis]
---

# I didn't do so well this Year

There were a bunch of things I wanted to accomplish. Five things actually, with a bonus sixth. I didn't complete any of them! Sad face. Well, I guess read three technical books, so I completed half of goal #3 but to remind myself to do better, I'll go through the points one by one.

## Gain my RHCE certification

**Grade: F** So yup, another year gone, another year without my RHCE. I even had a learning subscription which would have included the tests! Bottom line, I didn't have time to study, because I didn't make time. And I learned that my RHCSA expired yesterday, so that's no good. I will include this goal on my 2019 list of goals, and hopefully, I will do better

## Learn Ansible Inside and Out

**Grade: D+** Ansible is something I do at work. I do not go home and fire up a home lab, and ignore my family while I tinker with technology. So my learning with Ansible is done at work, and the fact is, work had other priorities for me this year. This too will go the 2019 list.

## Read three(3) technical books

**Grade: C-** I did in fact read three technical books! I did not blog about them! Honestly, I'm pretty burnt out on technical books, so I'm shifting my focus on what I allow myself to read in the coming year. Stay tuned and take an active role in my "great" conversation.

## Learn to Code...better

**Grade: D-** See the note above on Ansible. I will dedicate time to this task in 2019.

## Get my blog in shape

**Grade: F** If it's possible to get something less than an F, I would surely give myself that. I have not done anything with the functionality, layout and UX in the past year. This is a must for 2019!

## Bonus: Contribute to an OSS project

**Grade: F** Yup, as I was going to tie this into Learning to code better, and I didn't do that, I surely didn't contribute an OSS project. Maybe 2019 will be the year I get the bonus points.

## Hell, Dave, what exactly DID you accomplish?

Now, that I've gotten the bad and the ugly out of the way, I think I should at least talk about what I **DID** accomplish. In no particular order, here is the list:

1. I attended training vSAN
2. I helped make a baby! He was born January 4th and his name is Zechariah!
3. I started the remodel of my home office
4. I helped design a new data center
5. I, with the help of my team, designed the solution that we are currently implementing into the new data center.
6. I moderated a panel discussion at one of our local VMware User Group meetings and had a blast.
7. My friend and I @CarlCapozza drove to Toronto to attend a Red Hat convergence meeting where I co-presented on the Red Hat Accelerator Group, with my other friend @Brian Chang and had a hell of a good time!
8. I read some books just to read them.
9. I spent a ton of time with my family.
10. I worked with my first son on his Kano system.
11. I presented (**SOLO**!!!!!) on Open Source Software to group of students freshman through senior at a local high school, along side Pure Storage and VMware! It was a fantastic day!
