---
layout: post
comments: true
title: "The Year ahead"
published: true
date: 2019-03-07
categories: [personal, goals, career, knowledge, self analysis]
---

Well, here I am again. Another year older, and always closer to where I want to be than I was last year. At least that is always the plan and the goal. I started this new tradition in March last year, and I wanted to make sure that I continue on this path. So instead of moving this to the beginning of the year, I like the idea of doing this in March. Spring is coming, our New Year Resolutions have mostly come and gone and I have a little more time to sit and think about what I want for my goals in the coming year, than I have during the holidays. It just seems to fit me better.

Goals for 2019 (in no particular order):

1. **Gain my RHCSA and RHCE certifications.** Ok, so up until a few days ago, I had my RHCSA, it expired so I have to do that again. Not really a big deal. The thing I have to figure out is, do I take this now, or wait until the test is refreshed and take it then? I have a new learning subscription, so there really is no excuse.

2. **Become proficient with Ansible** This is something I really need to set some time apart to do. I can already do most things, but at the end of this, I really want to have the ability to teach someone something about Ansible.

3. **Get an accepted CFP/Present at a Conference** I have to admit, I've sort of already achieved this goal, and I will be sitting on a panel at 2019 Red Hat Summit this year in Boston. This was a goal, and I think I would still like to do another conference this year, so I am leaving this up.

4. **Read my 2019 Book list** That list can be found [HERE](https://dkalaluhi.github.io/2019-book-list/). The books at the end of that list are technically the beginning of 2020, but I didn't want to forget!

5. **Get my blog in shape** I have to get better at this. There are many things I would like to use this medium for, so UX/functionality is going to be key.

6. **BONUS POINTS FOR ME: Start a podcast** There is a great conversation to be had around the 2019 book list. I feel that I must follow the trivium to get the most out of the books. 
  1. Understand the grammar, learn the basics of the subject, the terms and particulars.
  2. The Logic - Start thinking critically about the topic. Ask questions about it, and answer them.
  3. Rhetoric - Have a conversation with as many people about the subject as I can. What I am learning, explain it, discuss it with others.

There's the big list for 2019! See you at the end!
