---
layout: post
comments: true
title: "My 2019 Book list"
published: true
date: 2019-03-06
categories: [reading, learning, the great conversation, philosophy, sofia]
---

# Reading is FUNdamental

This year, I have decided to get myself back into reading more, and reading with purpose. This is not to say that I stopped reading in the past, but I am SERIOUSLY burnt out on "work reading". I had to do something, different. So I chose to go with some of the Great Books. I am modeling my reading regiment after Saint John's College's reading list. Starting with the Iliad and going from there. Below is the list of books I plan to read over the next year or so, as well as a sampling of what I have read towards the end of 2018.

Part of what makes some of these "Great Books" is the flow of the "Great Conversation". I would love to have in depth conversations about these books, and the issues/philosophy and ideas they portray. So if you would like to engage in a maybe not-so "Great" conversation, please reach out to me and let's keep the conversation going.

Without further talking...The book list

## Currently reading

1. The Iliad - Homer

## On Deck for 2019 in Order

1. The Odyssey - Homer
2. Meno - Plato
3. Agamemnon - Aeschylus
4. Gorgias - Plato
5. Lives - Plutarch
6. History - Herodotus
7. Republic - Plato
8. Apology and Crito - Plato
9. Peloponnesian War - Thucydides
10. The Old Testament - Bible
11. The New Testament - Bible
12. Confessions - Augustine
13. Summa Theologiae - Thomas Aquinas

## 2019 Completed books

1. N/A

## Late 2018/Q1 2019 Completed books

1. The Narrative Life of Frederick Douglas - F. Douglas
2. 1984 - G. Orwell
3. The Hobbit - J.R.R. Tolkien
4. The Lord of the Rings - J.R.R. Tolkien
